Allow me to introduce myself. I'm even barford. Christina's husband.
So you are the ones who can terrorize my wife.
Nice to put faces to the names.
Mr. Parker, please forgive us. We won't dare to trouble Christina ever again.
Not good enough. I want you out of my city.
But what about my company?
Well, don't worry about that.
Your company's bankrupt.
I've made sure of it. I enjoy living on the streets.
Are you kidding me? What about Christina's plagiarism?
Well, she has class. I'm like you.
And Christina finds out I'm Ethan Parker.
Alice, he goes one of you.
And I make living on the streets a lot more difficult.
Mr. Parker, we're wrong.
We won't dare do it again.
Sir, please.
It's over.
The Hayes family is done for.